Random-Quote-Generator
Random Quote Generator

quotes array

In this project, I first created an array of objects and saved it to a variable called quotes. 
Each object contains several properties, including quote, source, citation, year, and tag.

getRandomQuote function

I created a function called getRandomQuote() to randomly select one of the objects within
the quotes array. The getRandomQuote() function first generates a random index by multiplying
a random number between 0 and 1 (Math.random()) and multiplying it by length of the quotes array.
Next, I converted the result into an integer using Math.floor() and saved it to a variable ranInd. 
Finally, I instructed function to return the object located in the ranInd index. 

printQuote function

I created a printQuote() function to generate a string using the quote selected by the
getRandomQuote() function. To do so, I first saved the quote object selected by the getRandomQuote()
function into a variable ranQuote. Then, I began a string using string interpolation, with \<p> 
tags including a class attribute, and stored this initial string into a new variable stringTemp,
intentionally leaving out the closing \</p> tag. Next, I used a conditional statement to check if a 
citation property exists within the quote object stored in ranQuote. If a citation property exists, 
an additional string (using string interpolation and nested between \<span> tags with class attribute 
"citation") with the value in the citation property is concatenated to the string stored in the 
stringTemp variable.

I repeated this last step two more times, using a conditional statement to check whether "year" and "tag"
properties exist in the quote object stored in the ranQuote variable. If the properties exist,
additional strings were concatenated to the string stored in the stringTemp variable. If a string 
containing the "year" property was added, the string was nested between \<span> tags including a class 
"year". If the properties were not present, no additional strings were added. 

Next, the closing \</p> tag is concatenated to the string in stringTemp. Lastly, I inserted the string in 
the stringTemp variable into the element labeled \`quote-box\` using .getElementById().innerHTML and 
closed the printQuote() function.


changeBgColor function

This function changes the background color of the page by first generating a random color using hex 
notation and saving it to a variable randomColor. Then it applies the color saved in randomColor to the 
background by using dot notation document.body.style.background



setInterval methods

As per the requirements in extra credit, setInterval methods are used to both change the quote printed in 
the page and the background color using the previous functions.



The last line in this script prints the string generated by the previous functions onto the screen
by using .addEventListener() 

